feat: Add support for all Prometheus metric types + internal refactor. (#80)
prometheus-community/avalanche: README.md

# avalanche

Avalanche is a load-testing binary capable of generating metrics that can be either:

* scraped via [Prometheus scrape formats](https://prometheus.io/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats/) (including [OpenMetrics](https://github.com/OpenObservability/OpenMetrics)) endpoint.
* written via Prometheus Remote Write (v1 only for now) to a target endpoint.

> This allows load testing services that can scrape (e.g. Prometheus, OpenTelemetry Collector and so), as well as, services accepting data via Prometheus remote_write API such as [Thanos](https://github.com/improbable-eng/thanos), [Cortex](https://github.com/weaveworks/cortex), [M3DB](https://m3db.github.io/m3/integrations/prometheus/), [VictoriaMetrics](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/) and other services [listed here](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows load testing services that can scrape (e.g. Prometheus, OpenTelemetry Collector and so), as well as, services accepting data via Prometheus remote_write API such as [Thanos](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos), [Cortex](https://github.com/cortexproject/cortex), [M3DB](https://m3db.github.io/m3/integrations/prometheus/), [VictoriaMetrics](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/) and other services [listed here](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage).
```
